.\" $Id: afterimage-config.1 281 2011-03-06 18:47:51Z robert $
.\" vim:ft=nroff
.TH AFTERIMAGE-CONFIG 1 "September 1st, 2009"
.SH NAME
afterimage-config - script to get information about the installed version of libAfterImage
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B afterimage-config
[\-\-prefix\fI[=PREFIX]\fP] [\-\-exec\-prefix\fI[=PREFIX]\fP] [\-\-version] 
[\-\-libs [\-\-external\-only]] 
[\-\-libtool] [\-\-cflags] [\-\-have\-afterbase] [\-\-preferred\-image\-format] [\-\-have\-x\-support]
[\fILIBRARIES\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIafterimage-config\fP is a tool that is used to configure to determine
the compiler and linker flags that should be used to compile and link
programs that use \fIlibAfterImage\fP library. 
.
.SH OPTIONS
\fIafterimage-config\fP accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B  \-\-version
Print the currently installed version of \fIlibAfterImage\fP on the standard
output.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-libs
Print the linker flags that are necessary to link a program using \fIlibAfterImage\fP.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-libs \-\-external\-only
Print the linker flags containing only external (i.e. not coming from afterstep package) libraries needed to link a program 
using \fIlibAfterImage\fP.
.TP 8
.B \-\-libtool
Print the name of file containing \fBlibtool\fP(1) definitions.
.TP 8
.B \-\-have\-afterbase
Print `\fIyes\fP' if \fIlibAfterBase\fP is available.
.TP 8
.B \-\-preferred\-image\-format
Print the image format set as preferred when \fIlibAfterImage\fP was compiled.
.TP 8
.B \-\-have\-x\-support
Print `\fIyes\fP' if \fBX\fP support is available.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-cflags
Print the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a \fIlibAfterImage\fP
program.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-prefix
Print the prefix with which \fIlibAfterImage\fP was compiled.
.TP 8
.BI  \-\-prefix= PREFIX
If specified, use \fIPREFIX\fP instead of the installation prefix that
\fIlibAfterImage\fP was built with when computing the output for the
\-\-cflags and \-\-libs options. This option is also used for the exec
prefix if \-\-exec\-prefix was not specified. This option must be
specified before any \-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-exec\-prefix
Print the exec\-prefix with which \fIlibAfterImage\fP was compiled.
.TP 8
.BI  \-\-exec\-prefix= PREFIX
If specified, use \fIPREFIX\fP instead of the installation exec prefix that
\fIlibAfterImage\fP was built with when computing the output for the
\-\-cflags and \-\-libs options.  This option must be specified before
any \-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.
.SH COPYRIGHT
\fIlibAfterBase\fP
.nf
        Copyright \(co 1999-2004 Sasha Vasko     <sasha at aftercode.net>
        Copyright \(co 2000,2001 Andrew Ferguson <andrew@owsla.cjb.net>
        Copyright \(co 1999 Ethan Fischer        <allanon@crystaltokyo.com>
        Copyright \(co 1998 Pierre Clerissi      <clerissi@pratique.fr>
.fi

\fIlibAfterImage\fP
.nf
        Copyright \(co 1999-2004 Sasha Vasko <sasha at aftercode.net>
        Copyright \(co 2004 Valeriy Onuchin <Valeri dot Onoutchine at cern dot ch>
        Copyright \(co 2001 Eric Kowalski <eric@beancrock.net>
        Copyright \(co 1999,2001 Ethan Fisher <allanon@crystaltokyo.com>
        Copyright \(co 1999-2001 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
        Copyright \(co 2004 Maxim Nikulin <nikulin at gorodok.net> 
.fi
.PP
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Robert Luberda <robert@debian.org>,
strongly based on the cppunit-config man page, which itself
is an almost word-for-word copy of the gtk-config manpage, written by 
Owen Taylor.  The cppunit-config man page was modified by E. Sommerlade
<eric@sommerla.de>.
