.\" vim: ft=nroff
.TH ASCOLOR "1x" "March 2015" "AfterStep version 2.2.12" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ascolor \- create color schemes for AfterStep
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ascolor
.RI [\-b|\-\-base\-color " color" ]
.RI [\-a|\-\-angle " angle" ]
.RI [\-f|\-\-file " file" ]
.RI [\-s|\-\-string " xmlstring" ]
.RI [\-i|\-\-save\-image " file" ]
.RI [\-t|\-\-type " type" ]
.RI [\-c|\-\-compress " level" ]
.RI [\-o|\-\-output " file" ]
.RI [\-n|\-\-no\-display]
.RI [\-r|\-\-root\-window]
.RI [\-h|\-\-help]
.RI [\-v|\-\-version]
.RI [\-V|\-\-verbose]
.RI [\-D|\-\-debug]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ascolor
is a simple GUI to create color schemes for AfterStep.
.B ascolor
writes the result into a file named color scheme in current directory or
in the directory given with \fB\-o\fR option (see below).
.PP
There are 4 parameters to the color scheme: Angle, Hue, Saturation and Value.
Pressing arrow keys in
.B ascolor
window will change the currently selected parameter.
To select parameter press
.IR 'a' ", " 'h' ", " 's' " or " 'v'
keys.
.PP
.B ascolor
will also create
.I .mini
file suitable to be used as minipixmap
in the AfterStep menu.
.PP
Rename and copy both
.I colorscheme
and
.I .mini
files into
.I ~/.afterstep/colorschemes
directory and refresh AfterStep menu. New entry should show up.
Select it to apply new color scheme.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-b\fR \fB\-\-base_color\fR color
base color to use
.TP
\fB\-a\fR \fB\-\-angle\fR angle
initial angle
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fB\-\-file\fR file
an XML file to use as input
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fB\-\-string\fR xmlstring
an XML string to use as input
.TP
\fB\-i\fR \fB\-\-save\-image\fR file
save image to given file
.TP
\fB\-t\fR \fB\-\-type\fR type
type of image to save
.TP
\fB\-c\fR \fB\-\-compress\fR level
compression level of image
.TP
\fB\-o\fR \fB\-\-output\fR file
output to file
.TP
\fB\-n\fR \fB\-\-no\-display\fR
do not display the GUI
.TP
\fB\-r\fR \fB\-\-root\-window\fR
draw result image on root window
.TP
\fB\-z\fR \fB\-\-default\-scheme\fR
use color and angle from default scheme
.TP
\fB\-h\fR \fB\-\-help\fR
display this help and exit
.TP
\fB\-v\fR \fB\-\-version\fR
display version and exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fR \fB\-\-verbose\fR
increase verbosity
.TP
\fB\-D\fR \fB\-\-debug\fR
show debug messages
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR afterstep (1x).
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Robert Luberda <robert@debian.org>,
using
.BR help2man (1)
program,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
