.\" $Id: makeastheme.1x,v 1.5 2008-02-10 18:28:30 robert Exp $
.\" vim:ft=nroff
.TH MAKEASTHEME 1x "Feb 10th, 2008"
.SH NAME
makeastheme, installastheme \- manage themes in the Afterstep windows manager.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B makeastheme
.RI [\-\-theme " <theme_name>" ] 
.RI [\-\-no_wharf] 
.RI [\-\-no_pager] 
.RI [\-\-no_winlist] 
.RI [\-\-no_background]
.PP
.B installastheme
.RI [\-\-theme " <theme_name>" ] 
.RI [\-\-no_wharf] 
.RI [\-\-no_pager] 
.RI [\-\-no_winlist] 
.RI [\-\-no_background]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This bundle of two Perl scripts is used to implement themes in the
AfterStep window manager for X (http://www.afterstep.org). 
.PP
At this time, these scripts are becoming solid beta quality.  I would
still highly recommend you to backup your configuration files in the
.I ~/.afterstep 
dir.  The easiest way to undo a theme is
to simply restore your old files.
.PP
This theme pack currently supports the following modules and options:
.RS
.nf
Wharf:                  Pager:
        BgColor                 Align
        Pixmap                  Back
        TextureColor            BalloonBack
        TextureType             BalloonBorderColor
                                BalloonBorderWidth
WinList:                        BalloonFore
        Font                    DesktopImage
        Fore                    Font
        Back                    Hilight
        Justify                 Image
        Pixmap (AS 1.5b6 pl2)   SmallFont
.fi
.RE
.PP
Of course, the look file and desktop background is supported.  Also,
any images specified in the look file or the module options above are
also carried with the theme that is built.
.PP
This theme pack expects to find the
.I ~/.afterstep/desktop/themes 
directory.  Each theme
should be a subdirectory from there.  When you download a theme, untar 
it in the themes dir.  Also, when you build a theme, if you want to
bundle any unique icons for use in the database file, put them in the
specific subir of the themes dir.
.PP
Also, the theme pack will only look in 
.I ~/.afterstep 
for module configuration files.  That means when building a theme, it only
takes modifications from that dir.  If the config files aren't there, 
.B makeastheme 
will ignore that module.  When installing a theme, 
.B installastheme 
will only edit files in 
.IR ~/.afterstep .
If it doesn't find any modules there, it will skip that module.  At a
minimum, you should have 
.IR 'wharf' ", " 'pager' ", and " 'winlist' 
files in the
.I ~/.afterstep 
dir.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
Both 
.B installastheme 
and 
.B makeastheme 
take the same command line, which can be in any order.  The directory from
which the scripts are called is irrelevant.  All directory paths are
coded into the scripts and double-checked at runtime.  After running
.BR installastheme , 
you will need to manually restart AfterStep for the changes to take place.
.PP
When making the themes, you simply run 
.B makeastheme
with the 
.BI \-\-theme " <theme_name>" 
argument and any of the other command line arguments you might want to use. 
This script will grab all the config files necessary
and all images specified within those config files.  It then creates the
theme in your 
.I '~/.afterstep/desktop/themes' 
.TP 
.B \-\-theme
this option is used to specify the theme to install.
With 
.B installastheme 
it is mandatory.  With
.B makeastheme 
if unspecified, the $USER
environmental variable will be used instead.
.TP 
.BR \-\-no_wharf ", " \-\-no_pager ", " \-\-no_winlist ", "\-\-no_background
Each of these options tell the scripts to skip 
processing for each of these modules.  For
.B makeastheme 
it is similar to saying, "I don't have anything interesting in this
module, don't store those options in the
theme."	For 
.B installastheme 
it is similar to 
saying, "I really like my 
.IR <module> , 
don't change any settings in there."
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR afterstep (1x),
.BR Pager (1x),
.BR Wharf (1x),
.BR WinList (1x),
.br
.IR /usr/share/doc/afterstep/README.theme.handler.gz " ."
.SH AUTHORS
These tools were written by Lathi <alcornd@earthlink.net>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Robert Luberda <robert@debian.org>,
based on the README.theme.handler file,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
.SH BUGS
If you find any, you can email me (mailto:alcornd@earthlink.net) or
the AfterStep mailing list (mailto:afterstep@linuxcenter.com).
Alternatively, you can also probably find me on EfNet channel
#afterstep as Lathi.
